OADP 4878 Added install section for IBM Cloud (#83509)
openshift/openshift-docs: backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-ibm-cloud.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="installing-oadp-ibm-cloud"]
= Configuring the OpenShift API for Data Protection with {ibm-cloud-title}
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: installing-oadp-ibm-cloud
:installing-oadp-ibm-cloud:
:credentials: cloud-credentials

toc::[]

> You install the {oadp-first} Operator on an {ibm-cloud-title} cluster to backup and restore applications on the cluster. You configure {ibm-cloud-object-storage} to store the backups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You install the {oadp-first} Operator on an {ibm-cloud-title} cluster to back up and restore applications on the cluster. You configure {ibm-cloud-object-storage} to store the backups.
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="installing-oadp-ibm-cloud"]

> = Configuring the OpenShift API for Data Protection with {ibm-cloud-title}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
= Configuring the {oadp-full} with {ibm-cloud-title}
```

Note: This attribute might not render in the preview. In that case, shift `include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]` above the assembly heading.

include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: installing-oadp-ibm-cloud
:installing-oadp-ibm-cloud:
:credentials: cloud-credentials

toc::[]

> You install the {oadp-first} Operator on an {ibm-cloud-title} cluster to back up and restore applications on the cluster. You configure {ibm-cloud-object-storage} to store the backups.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can install the {oadp-first} Operator on an {ibm-cloud-title} cluster to back up and restore applications on the cluster. You can configure {ibm-cloud-object-storage} to store the backups.
```

Personally, I would suggest using `can` wherever possible.

Author: Actually, I have been recommended by other OCP reviewers to avoid usage of 'can'. I understand it makes sense here and it is a good suggestion. I will hold making this edit for the sake of consistency. Thanks.

// configuring the IBM COS instance
include::modules/configuring-ibm-cos.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
// include the module for creating default secret
include::modules/oadp-creating-default-secret.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
// include the module for creating custom secret

> include::modules/oadp-secrets-for-different-credentials.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Reviewer 3: I would change order here. This section has the first DPA example, which does not have all required fields present. **Installing the Data Protection Application 1.3** section has a complete DPA example, would move it to be the first example DPA to be shown in the docs

Reviewer 4: checking other cloud providers.. it does seem that other providers have the full dpa immediately following the secret setup.   I suspect since we're dropping the versioned docs for 1.1. / 1.2  we will find the 1.3 section in this doc is dropped and it will read more smoothly.   If that's the case, I'm find w/ the way it is as it wouldn't make sense to have the dpa posted twice.     Otherwise I agree w/ Mateus :)

Author: I agree with both of your comments. After the '1.2 removal' PR is merged, this will read better. But I do see the incomplete DPA in the custom secret module. Right now, I think it would not be a good idea to club that improvement in this PR. I say that because, getting through with reviews will take longer for this PR. So i will create a separate ticket and a PR to clean up the secret module so that we don't an incomplete DPA example. Thanks.
